OCPBUGS#3076 - adding oc mirror info (#53575)
openshift/openshift-docs: updating/updating-restricted-network-cluster.adoc

// this file doesn't exist, so I'm including the one that should pick up more changes from Clayton's PR - modules/installation-adding-mirror-registry-pull-secret.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/installation-adding-registry-pull-secret.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

> [id="update-mirror-repository_{context}"]

Reviewer: Nice job including the ID above, but when you do IDs in assembly files, you don't add the `_{context}` piece. That piece is only used in module files.

=== Mirroring the {product-title} image repository

Before you update a cluster on infrastructure that you provision in a restricted network, you must mirror the required container images into that environment. You can also use this procedure in unrestricted networks to ensure your clusters only use container images that have satisfied your organizational controls on external content.

include::modules/update-mirror-repository-oc-mirror.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources

> * xref:../installing/disconnected_install/installing-mirroring-disconnected.adoc[Mirroring images for a disconnected installation using the oc-mirror plug-in]

Reviewer: Good job making the extension .adoc, but you also need to add the anchor after it.

```suggestion
* xref:../installing/disconnected_install/installing-mirroring-disconnected.adoc#installing-mirroring-disconnected[Mirroring images for a disconnected installation using the oc-mirror plug-in]
```

FYI in case you aren't aware, don't click the "Commit suggestion" button that appears when someone does a suggested change like how I did here ^

// this file doesn't exist, so I'm including the one that should pick up more changes from Clayton's PR - modules/installation-adding-mirror-registry-pull-secret.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/installation-adding-registry-pull-secret.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[id="update-mirror-repository_updating-restricted-network-cluster"]
=== Mirroring the {product-title} image repository

> Before you update a cluster on infrastructure that you provision in a restricted network, you must mirror the required container images into that environment. You can also use this procedure in unrestricted networks to ensure your clusters only use container images that have satisfied your organizational controls on external content.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You must, in a restricted network, mirror the required container images into that environment before you update a cluster on infrastructure that you provisioned. You can also mirror images in unrestricted networks to ensure your clusters only use container images that have satisfied your organizational controls on external content.
```

Reviewer 2: I _think_ another way to reword that first sentence might be: "You must mirror the required container images in a restricted network before you update a cluster on infrastructure that you provisioned." 

I was trying to reword to get to the action that a user must take earlier, which emphasizes that this is a procedure. I don't know if this works though.

Author: I'll play around to see if there's a way to reword this to get what you're going for. 

I don't think I'd want to split up "infrastructure that you provisioned" and "in a restricted network", because I think the first part only makes sense to include in this context when you specify that it's provisioned in a restricted network. Though maybe a clean looking reword won't be feasible while keeping this super clunky noun phrase the way it is. I'll test different options!

There are two supported methods for mirroring images onto a mirror registry:

* Using the oc-mirror OpenShift CLI (`oc`) plug-in (recommended)

* Using the oc adm release mirror command

> Choose one of the supported options below.

Author: @shellyyang1989 I added the info from lines 48-54 above in response to your feedback, does this look good to you?

Reviewer 3: yes, it looks good to me. Thanks!

> Choose one of the supported options below.

Author: Do you think it would be acceptable if I were to remove this sentence entirely, and then replace the sentence on line 48 with the one below?

"Choose one of the two supported methods for mirroring images onto a mirror registry:"

> Choose one of the supported options below.

Reviewer 2: I think it depends on whether or not this is a procedure or concept. I can see an argument for both options. As is, your heading title suggest procedure. If it is a procedure then I think it is fine as is, but you may want to rework some of the wording above to clarify. If it is a concept, I think the sentence would need to be reworked to introduce the procedures below.

> Choose one of the supported options below.

Reviewer: @skopacz1 instead of "below", you can use "following".

> Choose one of the supported options below.

Author: @JoeAldinger I see what you mean. The purpose of listing the two supported options was basically to create some place where I can explicitly mention that users are only supposed to do one of the two options and not both. So I think it's sort of like an intro to a procedure in that sense.

And thanks @bergerhoffer, I was hoping that I could use "following" instead but forgot to ask about it when I made my comment! I'll find some rewording that uses that instead.

include::modules/update-service-graph-data.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[id="update-service-mirror-release_{context}"]
=== Mirroring the {product-title} image repository

Before you update a cluster on infrastructure that you provision in a restricted network, you must mirror the required container images into that environment. You can also use this procedure in unrestricted networks to ensure your clusters only use container images that have satisfied your organizational controls on external content.

//The module below is being used twice in this assembly, so this instance needs to have a unique context set in order for its ID to be unique. In the future, if and when the two main sections of this webpage are split into their own assemblies/pages, the context attributes below can be removed.

> :!context:

Reviewer: Although this probably works, I'm not sure if this something that we want to allow. 

I'd recommend checking in with @kalexand-rh on whether this is an acceptable workaround, or if we even have any other assemblies that try to include the same module twice. Seems like something we should probably not be doing, but there might be other places that do.

I know we talked about that this assembly should likely have been broken up into two assemblies. I know you mentioned it in your comment above about it maybe being done in the future, but did you give any thought in to doing that now with this update?

Reviewer 4: I've never actually seen it happen, but it's something allowed in and described by [mod docs](https://redhat-documentation.github.io/modular-docs/#reusing-modules). (Search for "Module included multiple times in a single assembly")

It would be better to split it into two assemblies now, but it is legit to use the module twice.

Reviewer 4: I think it's the first time in the four years we've been doing mod docs that it's come up!

> :context: OSUS-restricted-network-cluster

Reviewer: If you do end up keeping this setting/unsetting of context, then this OSUS should be lowercase.
